Docs: Update Patricia Merkle Trees page naming and format [Fixes #9049] (#9050)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/index.md

### State Trie {#state-trie}

> There is one global state trie, and it constantly updated. In it, a `path` is always: `keccak256(ethereumAddress)` and a `value` is always: `rlp(ethereumAccount)`. More specifically an ethereum `account` is a 4 item array of `[nonce,balance,storageRoot,codeHash]`. At this point, it's worth noting that this `storageRoot` is the root of another patricia trie:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is one global state trie, and it is updated every time a client processes a block. In it, a `path` is always: `keccak256(ethereumAddress)` and a `value` is always: `rlp(ethereumAccount)`. More specifically an ethereum `account` is a 4 item array of `[nonce,balance,storageRoot,codeHash]`. At this point, it's worth noting that this `storageRoot` is the root of another patricia trie:
```
